 Daniel Shanklin Good day. Everybody doing all right. Thank you. All right, is everybody here? We. 
 Michael D Nguyen We are. 
 Daniel Shanklin Got a course, got a quorum. Okay. Do you have any questions that you wanted to start with or you want me to present where we are? 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah, I think maybe before we kind of go over that, can we take kind of like one big step back and talk about just kind of like the. Kind of the tech stack and how we're going about that? Like I saw, you know, like, we're gonna. It sounds like we're going to be using a postgraph database. You know, our just kind of walking through kind of all those, you know, layers. Right. Like, are we going to be, you know, are we gonna have to spin up our own instance of aws, things like that, like, and like, how much are we going to be kind of sharing some of those resources with aic and if. If we should be right, kind of from trying to keep kind of, you know, things like separate? 
 Daniel Shanklin Sure, yeah. Let me share my screen because I think it's the best way to do it. There are a lot of different ways to host servers online. Obviously. The one we've chosen is a system called Railway, and they allow you to basically create little mini tools all over the place. And, and so what these are called, these are projects. These are all the different little mini projects we have going on. But I created a project called Green Marketway Solutions. I did that for a specific reason. If you ever want this to be moved into the company yourself, you can take it, the project and everything that's inside of it. And now the billing is on Greenmark directly. But it's a good place to start because once you have project, then you can have inside of it just like AWS services. 
 Daniel Shanklin Each of these services then connects to a GitHub, right. Where the code is defined for that object. So if I'm pulling data, then obviously I gotta have a database. So that's going to be one of your objects over here. And then a different object would be the actual, like, mini computer that goes out and grabs it and then pulls it back in on a schedule. Any questions so far about the Railway? 
 Michael D Nguyen So in layman's terms, what exactly is real? It's not a database. Right. What exactly is it? 
 Daniel Shanklin It would be. Yeah, it's a good question. It would be like a Dr. Horton neighborhood, and then the thousands of homes. So these would be the streets, and then these would be the homes that are inside of them. And so Railway manages the whole neighborhood of your infrastructure and the billing. And one of the great Things you want about it is they got a. The neighborhood has a watchman. So I can tell you if there's like anybody who's trying to break in things like that. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah. 
 Daniel Shanklin To get observability statistics into what's going on in the neighborhood. It's really no different than aws. And the best way to put that would be that each of these is actually not a home, it's a mobile home. So this little thing right here, you can move it to AWS next week, tomorrow, whenever you need to. Because it gets its code and its infrastructure is all just kind of like a portable device. We call it a Docker container. So you can move that to a different system. I love Railway because it's very easy to deploy and it doesn't involve all the complexities that AWS puts upon people. AWS is a really smart system, but they also were built for these like giant tech companies that have to manage big things. It ends up being harder than managing a smaller thing in Railway. 
 Daniel Shanklin But all that said, if you have a strong preference for aws, we take these same containers, mobile homes, we move it over there and it works on that side as well. 
 Michael D Nguyen I don't have a preference really. I was just trying to kind of understand. So like, if it's similar to aws, like this is where our compute kind of happens. Like this is where like our. Our day, our actual data gets pulled into. 
 Daniel Shanklin That's right. 
 Michael D Nguyen From our systems. Okay. 
 Daniel Shanklin Exactly. 
 Michael D Nguyen Makes it gives us cool. 
 Daniel Shanklin It gives us another advantage of one security layer. So I'm building an AI powered chief Information Security Officer. I was actually just working on him and his job is to crawl around and look at these things for bugs, holes and things that we probably shouldn't have done that way, by having it all in the same place, it does give me the advantage of not having to rewrite it to work on two different neighborhoods, so to speak. There we go. 
 Michael D Nguyen And so are we. Is Greenmark on its own billing platform for this at this point or is it included in aic? 
 Daniel Shanklin It's a good question. So as of right now, the way I did it was I actually kind of split it up. And I'll explain why I Split it up. GitHub. These are all the organizations that I personally are involved in or manage. And I said this is the perfect time to get started and have your own org with your own code and everything else. So these are projects that you could work on. This is like where the code would actually live, you know, like a data bot or weekly updates that I send out, that's completely separate. I love doing that this way so that there's never like a, oh, crap, we got to move it. Because in my experience, when you have to move, this takes a month. Right. It's hard to move code, but it's easy to move infrastructure. It's actually the opposite. 
 Daniel Shanklin Railway, on the other hand, is currently shared. And that's. So I didn't have to ask you all for a credit card and sign up for a new Railway account. If you want to take the leap and do that now, it's a great time to do it. And then what we would do is take this project here and just move it over. I come over to Settings, come over here to like, transfer, and just move it over to a different organization, and then that's it. What else can I tell you? There, there will be a lot of other, like, smaller kind of bills, I guess. You, I shouldn't say a lot. Maybe a couple. Like, if you decide you want a cloud account, you're already paying for that. But, oh, one last thing. There's another reason I like to use Railway. 
 Daniel Shanklin You get one bill for all of your tech, so you don't have like 10 different things that you're paying for. Hope that helps. I'll make sure that I put in our notes, I diagram out what's shared and what is individual responsibility of Greenmark as cfo. Do you have a preference? Would you like to see all of it build under your company? 
 Michael D Nguyen I mean, I, I think, like, Collins input might be valuable too, but if we're kind of, and you said it in some of your emails and notes, like, you know, just in the vein of, you know, Green Bart being, you know, its own completely kind of standalone entity. Right. And kind of how we're building GitHub out and the separate cloud accounts. I mean, I think it makes sense to kind of keep it in that track. But, you know, yeah, I, I, I, 
 Michael D Nguyen I say it does, and it has. 
 Daniel Shanklin It. 
 Michael D Nguyen I think it has to do with like, control groups. Right. Like, we want, you know, like the way we set up Greenmark was like it was in a separate control group from kind of Jetta and aic. So, like, that's how, that's why we could, you know, from benefits to things like that, even though, like, it's, you know, technically a subsidiary. But we didn't want to, you know, we wanted the flexibility to be able to peel things off. And so I think from that vein, like all this, it should be, it probably should be Separate. It should be separate. And then, you know, whatever info that we need, you know, can flow from this instance kind of into AIC to kind of feed AICS kind of databases. 
 Daniel Shanklin Yeah, I think we could probably, if I may think of it like we do the office, which is. You got all the separate billing, but sometimes in an extraordinary case, you might, Michael, have an office in the 25th floor. We don't call that like a, you know, a shared bill. So I. I can't think of any single thing right now that shouldn't be peeled off. But if we do peel off railway, you have to get a Pro account. It's 20 bucks a month, and then you get $20 of credits. That's the way it works. So you get a minimum spend. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah. And so how does it work to where, like you said, like, all the rest of the. The tech stack gets kind of build through railway. Like, how does that kind of. So like any, you know, 
 Daniel Shanklin Like, how do you actually. How do you see all the different things that are going on in there? The tech stack, Is that right? 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah, that and just like. Do they just have like, deals with like, you know, say, like, you say we. There's like a ETL or an ELT tool that is off the shelf that we want to use like, that you can, you basically quote, unquote, buy it through railway instead of like going to each separate kind of thing. 
 Daniel Shanklin You got it. And Docker image, if y' all ever heard of like a virtual machine where you can like, log into a computer remotely and then, yes, you know, hosted Docker is like a much smaller version of that where they. Somebody figured out a way to make you a mini computer, but it's actually like even that shared across the same os. So you can think of it more like a little program. They're siloed, they're secure, everybody. This is a very common stack. But every little ETL tool or something that you build is a Docker image. An image describes like, I am a database, I am a program. And then it has like, you know, who's allowed to use it. 
 Daniel Shanklin And once you go into GitHub and you define all those rules about that image, you know, I know I'm a database, and I need to be this size. Once you put in a railway rule, it's like, oh, I know what to build you. And they just stick it up in the cloud, and then you end up with this. So as an example, this is the Cerebro site itself, right. That you could go to and you could go Visit it. Let's see. Yeah. So you can log into that. That's a website. It's running as a docker container. However, the QA site is different. I talked about this previously on a call, but I'll mention it again. For me, QA is as big, if not bigger, than the actual product itself, because it's the thing that checks to make sure everything works right. 
 Daniel Shanklin It's like you're doing all the reconciliation work. So you can imagine, like, reconciliation for an accountant is typically a bigger spreadsheet than just the balance sheet. So I love to start them as separate docker containers. So that way Daniel can work on QA without ever having to release a code change that changes what you're looking at. That helps. Cool. Any question I didn't answer about the docker part. There's so much here we're scratching the surface, but. But I feel like that's a good mental model for how these things build up. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah. And so we're choosing postgres to set on top of railway, kind of as a database. 
 Daniel Shanklin Yeah. You know, that would be. I'm not even going to quivocate on this. It would be my preference. 
 Michael D Nguyen If you don't have one, I have no preference. And snowflakes, the only other thing that I've ever used. And, you know, it was pretty lightly at best, so. 
 Daniel Shanklin Okay, got it. Yep. So one postgres, and the way I build stuff is on a plugin architecture. So I wish I had a diagram here, but you can. If you're looking at my screen, imagine for a moment that this is the central hub and we'll put Cerebra at the top so you can see that. And now imagine that each of your data providers, they're like a little plugins. Now, they're actually all going to be in the same container, but inside of the container there would be another chart just like this, and we would write one per data provider. And so our job is just to figure out how to make that thing go out, grab things, check it, pull it in, and then they all move into the same postgres and we split them up. 
 Daniel Shanklin And the QA system's job is to look at that kind of stuff. And it has probably like 500,000 checks that it's going to run. And when I was cutting my teeth on building these, it would have taken six months to build this. But it's now a day today because you just have to know what you're trying to build. So those phone calls you gave the docs, that was Incredible. Because I can take that transcript and basically ask it like, go build something that's to this spec. As we have more phone calls, I'll take that recording and we'll just redo the spec. Okay. So that's infrastructure wise how I do it. What's it going to cost? They charge by cpu. So like how much compute, how much storage you use. And then sometimes nobody really ever gets this bill, but they do a bandwidth bill. 
 Daniel Shanklin It's. You don't have to calculate all this stuff. And let me tell you, it's like literally probably 20 or 30 bucks a month. Where it becomes a huge deal is if you had Internet of things devices sending video after video and we had to store all that's when it would be a conversation. Yeah. 
 Michael D Nguyen And then so then the next kind of layer and in the stack, like to get data kind of into the database. Like are we. Is the plan to build our own connectors or have you found kind of some. And I might be cutting into kind of your little email here. Have we found off the shelf stuff that you think is suitable? 
 Daniel Shanklin It's a good question. I had this chat earlier this week with like three different AIs because I was like, what should we do now? In the old days you used Dagster was really common. This was a modern data orchestration. Pretty cool tool, moves everything. I'm still a big fan. And it's open source and it's a Docker container, so you can put that in the railway. Different one would be like airflow. There's all these different companies that have come up with these. Right. But all three of them, all three AI is settled on the idea that like, if you just ask me to build a simple pipeline, we can test it first, make sure it works, and within a day we'll know if it's doing everything you need and more. If it's not. 
 Daniel Shanklin I'll help you move it into Dagster, which is like a bigger thing and its biggest pitch for that. All three of them said the same thing. It shows you how much trust I have in AI on the architecture stuff. All three of them said, humans don't manage this anymore. I do. So like the dashboard for, you know, control is not a major overriding concern. If you choose Dagster, you'll probably end up with more bloat than if I just did it for you. And I thought that's kind of interesting. I don't have a strong preference. I will tell you that pre AI, I would have sold you on Dexter. And now I'm probably saying, what if we just. What if we don't do that? What if we just have it write some basic Python scripts and then see if it works? Any thoughts? 
 Michael D Nguyen AI is going to destroy us. That's my only thought. 
 Daniel Shanklin It's crazy. It's. It's wild. But I also, ironically, I don't think it's wrong, because its whole point was that I can orchestrate the tooling without the overhead of a system that was intended to manage this. 
 Michael D Nguyen Right. 
 Daniel Shanklin Also worth mentioning that we do. We did the same thing for Sable and Meridian, and they do work. I mean, it's pretty wild. So cost. The cost of being wrong. It's a two days of Daniel's time to move it, you know? 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah. And my guess, too, is, like, you know, the same way that you can use AI to kind of build these simple connectors and not have the overhead of, like, an entire other system. It can. If there's any errors and stuff, it can fix itself. 
 Daniel Shanklin It's not. It's not unheard of, and it's not untrue. I know you'll read a lot on LinkedIn about. That's not true. It actually is true. Like, the people at the front of this are doing that. So pretty. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah. 
 Daniel Shanklin Okay. 
 Michael D Nguyen Okay. 
 Daniel Shanklin So I'll just spend 30 seconds explaining what I already did so that, you know, like, why is there so much code already? Well, you gave me a long list, and I thought, I wonder how hard each of these is even going to be to do. We don't know the answer to that. So I said, just go do some research for me and go figure out all the different things that we might need to pull from, like, Navisoft or Fleet or whatever. So I did the research and pulled the docs in, and then I said, now I want you to actually go make up data, like fake data from the CRM, the Fleet system, from Navisoft, and say, so your job is to literally go make it up. So I wrote a script that makes up an entire fake company. 
 Daniel Shanklin And then I said, now I want you to review that and see what you think about, like, what you've pulled in and what the problems are. And so wrote me a long list of, like, hey, this is everything that I think is going to break or cause problems as we do integration. So literally, I put it through a video game to play the real thing to see what was going on. And by the way, this is exactly how they train robots, Right? They put them in a thing and then they just like, let them touch around. So I don't want you to think that any of the work done has done any integration. It was all about giving it enough information and research so that when we get to Navisoft and plug in the key, it's like, I know what to do. 
 Michael D Nguyen And Daniel, just so I can follow along kind of with the. With the pronouns. And when you say it, are you saying like, Claude code, you asked to do that, or like, what's it. 
 Michael D Nguyen That's right, yeah. 
 Daniel Shanklin It's a good question. Claude code. So this little guy right here, each one of these is kind of doing different stuff, right? But I've got all these different ones, and they actually write code directly to my computer and they change the code and then they do what's called a commit process. It's like they just flag it as like, I'm done, and then it gives me a chance to review it. And once that's done, it then pushes it up here. And so when we look here, this is a list of 12 commits. It's 12 different times that AI made a change to the data process. And any one of these I click, I can go back and see what it changed as well. So total observability into what it's doing. I think that's fantastic. 
 Daniel Shanklin But the process is go to CODe, ask it for something, have it build it, put it into GitHub, and then it ended up going to the website. There's more detail behind that, but that's. That's really how the pipeline works. Is that all? Go ahead. 
 Michael D Nguyen GitHub, like, at a high level, it's just. It's a. It's a staging area, it's a doc, a place to store documentation and code. And from there it gets pushed to wherever, you know, to railway or wherever it needs to go. Is that kind of how to think about it? 
 Daniel Shanklin That's exactly how to think about it. It also has something that we use called actions. I'm going to show you why that's important. So I'm going to go over to AIC holdings and then we'll go to look at ciso, Chief Information Security Officer and why actions are important. When you write code, you obviously have to test it, and that's my job to make sure that happens. But you also sometimes want to be able to run things. Oh, I just received code. What should I do next? A review agent should look at it, a security agent or this guy or that guy. And each of them can look at this thing and then check it for results. And Then if they find a mistake or a problem, they'll literally stick it here on the issues board. Look at that. 
 Daniel Shanklin They already made one for me earlier today. Policy review. Daniel, you can take a look. It's incredible. But GitHub not only holds the code, it also holds these little automations that make my job so much easier or anybody who's managing. And if that's not good enough, probably my favorite part of the whole thing. Let's go to your organization. Go into Greenmark, go into repositories. We're going to start with the very first one I created which was kickoff 2020 26. I asked Claude code. We had a kickoff call. So I need you to create a folder structure for me with readme files and all this other stuff. And I want you to describe what happened during that meeting. So like it creates projects. It actually basically just oh, initial research, company profile. 
 Daniel Shanklin So it went up and looked up who's green mark and why do they matter? Is all of this correct? I'm not 100% sure, gentlemen. I really couldn't say. But I know that it did a pretty darn good job of taking what we said raw and then turning it into these. So GitHub allows us to have these check ins where we run things through. They change files, they update calendars or just generally files. And then we get to watch that change. If anybody ever came a year from now is like, hey, I want to buy Green Mart and I think you guys are worth a 10. But how do I know how your systems work? There's literally a log of everything you ever did. It's all in here. That's pretty cool too. I'll stop there. 
 Michael D Nguyen So in the code that sits kind of in GitHub is kind of like the source of truth that you then push out. Does it then go. Does it go to Railway? Is that kind of the primary place that it goes to or where else did the code get pushed out to? 
 Daniel Shanklin That's a great question. I can't think of anywhere that it would go to other than Railway at present. That's really the. You might send it out to an agent. If you, let's say you paid like $30 a month to for some AI, this is going to happen by the way. We're going to get to this point where instead of hiring a Daniel, you hire a $30 a month AI who reviews your code. Right. So you could potentially send it there. Here. You'll notice that when I set up the Railway I did it by hand because I was Just being quick. But if I go connect, I could actually connect it out directly to the GitHub. It now watches for changes in the code and pushes them through. 
 Daniel Shanklin To which your next question might be, what do we do if there's a code change that breaks the website? What we do for that is GitHub allows us to. Let's go to the data daemon here. This is like the data thing. It allows us to have what we call branches. There are different versions of the code. Right now we only have one master. That's production. That's the only. That's the big kahuna. Don't mess with it unless you know what you're doing kind of thing. At Facebook, only people who make a million dollars a year are even allowed touch that. Right? But then you got junior people underneath who can work on what we call a dev branch. It's like a separate version of the code and they can fiddle around and play with stuff. 
 Daniel Shanklin And once they've got it to where they go and they have it tested, they'll send it up to a manager and they'll say, are you. Can I please put this into, you know, facebook.com and the manager is going to go look through all of those changes. They're going to look through the commit message and they're going to say, it seems like you added a bunch of stuff here. Let's see if I agree with it. They could even literally click on it. But like, I disagree with that. We don't do that anymore because we don't write code by hand. But that is generally why this tool is so important. It's a visibility platform. Going back, circling to the beginning question. The only way code should leave here is to go to Railway. 
 Daniel Shanklin Or if you guys personally wanted to go into Claude, add the connector and then say, where are we on this project? You could do that too. 
 Michael D Nguyen Gotcha. So where would we connect it and put Claude kind of into all of this process? Like, where would that sit? 
 Daniel Shanklin Yeah, let's do a different browser. So I'm going to open this up here. If you feel lost. I was just on a call with Colin with a guy and I was lost on their AI thing. So. All right, if you pull this up into Chrome, which is what I have here, this is a. The same thing I was showing you on the other browser. But if I click on the Chrome add in, I could actually go over here and it actually literally recognizes that it's GitHub and says, like, what's going on here? Summarize recent PR activity which puts up a prompt. And because it's in the sidebar, it has the right to read the website. So it comes up with a plan on how it's going to do that. 
 Daniel Shanklin Well, I'll go here, I'll click, take a screenshot, and it's going to navigate this thing and basically look through and answer my question. So if you are like, I don't understand what railway is, give me a plain English. It would literally go research it and then explain it. If I sound like I know what I'm doing, it's only because for the last two years, I've basically been able to ask it all that stuff. You know, it's just really amazing. And you can extend this capability here that I'm giving you to, not just GitHub, but anything. You can be on the Cerebra website and be like, you know, give me a. Give me a rundown of, you know, how much revenues up or down over the last six months. 
 Daniel Shanklin And you might think that's an easy question to answer, but an AI might poke at it through from a few different lenses, and that's pretty cool, too. 
 Michael D Nguyen So does this Claude, like, you know, because Cerebro is all internal data, right? Like, it's. It's taken some pretty sensitive data and just a Claude, you know, extension on a browser can do that. Like, does it not need to tie into kind of our. Kind of our data, you know, or like. 
 Daniel Shanklin Right. No, it's. Yeah, so that's an interesting one. It can only look at what it sees on the screen. So if it's not here, it won't be able to assess it. Okay, so then what happens is, as an. As engineers, what we try to do is build the website with enough data that it could actually, you know, make a good calculation. The old days, you would just, you know, spit out like a chart picture. And now we say, well, maybe that's not good enough. Maybe I should have a table below the chart so that it can read it and tell me what's going on. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah. So then. So if we wanted kind of like something that could, we could ask, like, very detailed questions about, you know, the financials. Like, we would have to build our own agent that. That kind of sits within kind of our data or else, like, you know, Claude is only, like you said, is only able to read on what it sees. So, like, if we. And I'm kind of fast forwarding but, like, say everything's finished, and instead of, like, flipping through kind of all of the dashboards you wanted to be able to ask kind of the agent, hey, you know, what was my year over year growth? Or, you know, what were my truck hours at this location at this time, would we have to build a separate agent that sits kind of with it inside a railway? 
 Daniel Shanklin You do, you would. Let me show you what that looks like. So almost everything in. Let me pull up a diagram so everybody can see this three layer architecture. Almost everything that we build certainly here and kind of in the web at large, is done in what we call a three layer architecture where you have a database where you store the raw things, then you have a server that it could talk to. This would be like APIs, you know, or it could be the little railway application and then you have what it's presented on. Right. And I bring this up because I'm going to show you at aic, 
 Michael D Nguyen We. 
 Daniel Shanklin Have bots and this one's a safe bot that I can do. I can show this one without showing any proprietary information. But I literally said to it in Slack, hey, what's the price of Apple? And it came back, so why Slack instead of just building our own? And it's because Daniel can become good at this and let Slack manage this tier. Right. I don't have to build the chat interface, I can just build the AI logic. Can you build this in a website? I absolutely think you can. But for a team like our size that's trying to scale, there's a huge benefit to possibly just doing it in teams. Or Slack. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah, I think you use teams. So yeah, like that was kind of. My next question is, could you, instead of Slack, could you do teams? 
 Daniel Shanklin Yep. So since we're on tech talk here, no reason not to show y'. All. The Microsoft Graph API is how you do all that. They came up with like their own little hub for how to talk to things. Oh, my God. I wouldn't, I wouldn't bother reading it because it's too long. I thought I'd get a nice image. The Graph API is this central thing there it is where you get entrance into. Let's say you're a teams person. What's cool about teams? You're already inside the walled garden. You've already passed security. So like any data that's going on would either pass between this thing and railway or between this thing and your teams. It reduces your attack surface. Right. There's so many fewer things to look at. But Graph is really cool because it could hook into like OneDrive. 
 Daniel Shanklin It could hook into just about anything. But you have to be a Microsoft user pretty heavily to do this at aic, we kind of made the choice that, like, since we use M files and a couple other technologies that are not really Microsoft focused, that we did. Instead of making Microsoft the central hub, we'd make our own. But that's a different conversation for y', all, you know? 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah, gotcha. Okay. And then the last piece of the infrastructure, you know, kind of that. That presentation layer you're talking about. So the actual user interface like that is just basically a website, you know, that pulls kind of the data. So it's just pretty. Pretty simple HTML or whatever you built it kind of with. 
 Daniel Shanklin Okay, yeah. And if were to even look at it, like, I don't know, Cerebro, I think it works. Here we go. It looks fancy, but it's actually not. It's just a kind of an AI barf, you know? Yeah. So there's nothing about this that's particularly special or interesting, but it is kind of like a way we could circle things to be like, oh, I like that, or I don't like that, you know, that kind of thing. And talking about interface, this is a chat interface where. Why don't I love to build them? Because you have to maintain them. And there's just like, yeah, this thing could actually end up being more code than all the rest of it put together. 
 Michael D Nguyen Sure. 
 Daniel Shanklin But if you guys, for example, you like, hey, I need to add some bookmarks to the site, or I want, you know, I want central visibility, whatever that thing is, we can do that. And going back, excuse me, I feel like I'm jumping over, but this is an important one. I didn't want to skip Cerebro. Mcp. Colin knows really well about this MCP concept because we've been talking about it a lot. He's done some research on it, too. Anthropic came up with the thing to replace API. And it's an API for AIs, and that's what this is. So going back to our little diagram, imagine if instead of this being a website, it was literally an AI, Right. The thing that bridges that is what we call mcp. And that's why I put a page up here so you can read about it. 
 Daniel Shanklin And it's this idea that no matter where your AI lives, it could be on your phone, could be on your Slack app, could be in teams, or it could be in your own personal chat, or it could even be here. Wherever that AI lives, when it wants to talk to your data, it has to go through that Little middleware. And this is the thing that enables that. This is going to change the world because it's what allows you right now to go into, say, OpenAI and add a plugin. If you've ever seen this feature of an AI where they're like, oh, I want to connect direct to my data, it's just an mcp. They figured out a way to let an AI talk to the source data without having to negotiate six months of API contracts and God knows what else. 
 Daniel Shanklin So very cool stuff. I wouldn't start there, but it could be an amazing place to go because if we build first the data hub, right, and the logic tier, the business requirements, then you could actually make. Build a Cerebro MCP directly into cod. We're not talking the sidebar. I mean, literally go to the main Claude and it just interacts with it. So. What a time to be alive. Alex, did you ever think you'd live to see all this? 
 Michael D Nguyen I don't know, man. 
 Daniel Shanklin It's wild. 
 Michael D Nguyen If AI can attack Venezuela, nothing's put. Everything's possible, come along for the ride. 
 Daniel Shanklin And I, we're also going to have fake speed where you'll see me do this and you'll be like, wow, that went fast. And then there'll be some other thing and I'll be like, that's going to take a week. And we'll. We'll just have to see as we go what the. What those things are. Yeah. 
 Michael D Nguyen So my last question, kind of on, like the. Net stack, you know, 
 Daniel Shanklin You know, there, 
 Michael D Nguyen There will be kind of like, you know, you'll have the user interface, the web, kind of log it in kind of on any web browser, you know, is it. It's going to be mobile compatible. I think you saw, like, I think you sent something kind of on that. Like, is that. Is that something that we could make like a web app for? Or is that something where you just. You just need a browser to log in to. To use it? 
 Daniel Shanklin So I think you're. You're asking me if we should make this into possibly a mobile app, is that right? 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah, exactly. 
 Daniel Shanklin Okay, so I'll show you what it looks like if we can actually just kind of like demo it real quick. I. I told it, make it mobile friendly. That used to take a year. Now you just tell it, yeah, make it mobile friendly. So funny. But there you go. That's what it would look like on. On mobile, which is pretty cool. Now, where it gets a little cooler is they figured out a way to take the code for this and essentially bake it into an app. So the same way I showed you that you have GitHub actions, there's an action for shipping this as an app. We would have to go through a very rudimentary process with. Excuse me, with Apple, to get you approved to put an app on the store. 
 Daniel Shanklin That don't mean everybody gets access to it, because obviously you have to log in, but it does mean that's the process for getting it into the store. And then you have to pay $200 a year to maintain an Apple account. They do. They charge that money as kind of a gatekeep to make sure that this app store stays clean. If, like, junk. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah. 
 Daniel Shanklin If you don't need that, the other thing you can do is you can take this once we have it up, and you can basically pin it to your home screen on your iPhone and just open it up. But me personally, I actually do love apps. And I'll tell you why I love them. Because when you have an app, you could literally build a camera tool for, like, finance, where someone just opens it and they're like, oh, they click it, take a picture, and that receipt is. Is just jammed in. And then next thing you know, AI's like, oh, that's a. That's a QuickBooks receipt. Or that's, you know, for this thing, I'll stick it over here. What do you want to do? And we could work on stuff like that. You can't easily do that when it's just a web site on the mobile. 
 Michael D Nguyen Gotcha. This is a little bit of a tangent, but speaking of kind of like websites, Claude, did you use, like, quad code? Like, is it able to optimize, like, a website from like a. You know, from like a kind of loading speed to even, like, kind of like keywords and like, stuff like that? 
 Daniel Shanklin Oh, yeah, I. I do love stuff like that. 
 Michael D Nguyen Like se, like SEO, because, like, that's something, you know, for. I think, for all the websites like Greenmark. And I would even say aics, you know, doesn't load that quickly kind of either. And Hometowns, because I think they're all built on. I can't remember what AIC's website's built on. It might be Webflow as well, but all of ours are built on Webflow. 
 Daniel Shanklin Yep. So you. You absolutely can. The magic of AI is that it converges towards the outcome you want. So if you just say, like, hey, I need better SEO score for xyz, It'll basically give you and me and anybody who's involved A plan on how it would do that and say, I want to do this refactor. It would also help us to triage, like, you know, how much is that going to actually cost to do that? That kind of thing. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah. 
 Daniel Shanklin The other thing I'd love to do so we can actually do this live. So you can watch this. I'll pull up the Yahoo site and then I'm going to come to the assistant and I'm going to say, oh, shoot, don't work different. Need a different browser. I'm going to close this. I'm going to say, give me an SEO score. And it'll. Because it reads the site, it understands the ask. Right. So it's like, I'll take a screenshot and it will go through its own process. It's not quite as good as the PageRank algorithm, but it's pretty good. It's pretty good. So when. Bigger picture, this is why people say it'll take over software and there won't be software anymore, because you can just ask it, you know. Yeah, here we go. 52 out of 100 title tags wrong. Pretty wild. 
 Daniel Shanklin Do you want to see green marks now or, you know, I mean, is that something? 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah. 
 Daniel Shanklin Okay. There won't be. No offense. So here's another trick I like to do. Give me a scoring rubric for SEO. So I first ask it, giving me a chance to correct it. Right. We call this Inception. It's like you put the idea in its head while it's asleep thing. And now that I've done that, I can say, okay. So I'll say, okay, go do it. Green mark just three pages. Because I don't want it to go through every one of them. Yeah, there's. There's all sorts of metrics, like what they call first paint. How many seconds or milliseconds does it take to see something final load? Like, how many seconds does it take till the final loads done? It's crazy, the amount of effort, but each of those numbers actually adds up to a score. 
 Daniel Shanklin And if you have low numbers on that, they put you down on SEO, as I'm sure you do. Yeah. 
 Michael D Nguyen But it can give you corrective action kind of as well, right? 
 Daniel Shanklin Absolutely. And what's wild about that is if that corrective action is good and you agree with it, you just come over here and be like, take this corrective action. It's totally different than it was before. Yeah. Page Speed Insights. This is one of my favorite tools. If you haven't seen this before, I'll make sure I get Put it in our notes. And we are recording this with PageSpeed Insights. I think it's actually run by Google. You put your link in and I want you to notice something too. It didn't just read the Green Mark site. It actually went to a different location and now it's putting your URL in. Before we get into the performance scores, let me highlight what a security risk this truly is. It literally could take stuff off of Cerebro and go paste it in somewhere else. 
 Daniel Shanklin That's what people are so worried about and why I wouldn't give this to anybody who wasn't in a C suite to start with. Yeah. 
 Michael D Nguyen And so we would just take Claude's suggestions and then plug it into webflow. Like the code is that kind of. 
 Daniel Shanklin Let me ask, is that what y' all use for your site? Webflow? 
 Michael D Nguyen Huh. 
 Daniel Shanklin Okay, so here's where it gets kind of cool. You could literally come down here and be like, go open up webflow and make these changes and you could watch as it does it for you. I do that very often because I don't remember everything to qlik and I certainly don't remember all the like idiosyncratic, you know, syntax changes that I'd have to make. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah, we should probably add this kind of to something because this seems like a pretty simple, kind of simple fix of our website that makes kind of. Because we want to drive traffic to our website. Right. And so this is like a. Some low hanging fruit. 
 Daniel Shanklin Yep. Let me see if I can take a look and give the human eye on this. The biggest problem is actually that around 60% of traffic is on mobile. I don't know what it is in the trash business, but I know it. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah, waste business. 
 Daniel Shanklin Yeah. So if you have a. So this largest contentful paint, you can usually fix this pretty easily by reducing the size of images. There's a bunch of little tricks and the best part is if you don't know how to get it up, I literally say, AI, what do I have to do to get to an 80? What do I have to do to get to a 90? And it's like, here you go, it's something else. Let's say you were on here and you said like, hey, I want to remember this. I could say something. I could just copy paste it right. I can click this button and stick in an email. You could also say, go to GitHub for green mark waste and update the weekly task log. It's gonna do it because it knows how to do. Might fiddle around a little bit. 
 Daniel Shanklin But to me, this probably is the future of how to do these sorts of things. Just no copy paste you. Well, here's another thing. As you're working on it, you can live. Just go pick where you want it to go and say, you know, get it to where I want to go. Here, I fixed it for you. 
 Michael D Nguyen So as long as Quad is looking and has access and you're logged in to GitHub, like, it can write things in there for you. 
 Daniel Shanklin Yeah, because it's. It's impersonating me. So it'll actually go in here and it'll like, click on a. It'll go find it. It'll either open up an issue or it might even create a new file. And when it does that, it'll stick that in. This is a trick I use pretty commonly, exactly what you and I were just describing, because I've actually done this for clients on SEO work, where I'm like, go run an SEO report and then go update the GitHub. I'm basically watching it, but it's doing most of the work. 
 Michael D Nguyen So then, like, we could do the same thing, kind of. We can log into the back end of webflow and tell Claude to implement whatever. Whatever it's doing and it should be. And it. It would do it. 
 Daniel Shanklin Exactly. And where this is probably going, gentlemen, and for the next, like, three to six months, maybe a year, I'll build this infrastructure. But when you want to actually change Cerebro, you literally could do it yourself. I. I know that seems fantasy, but it's where we are now with coding. Coding is just like a. Describe what you want. The most important part is having somebody above you checking that, you know. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah, well, it's like, it's, you know, it's not, you know, exactly the same, but it's like, before, you know, the GUI interface, you had to know how to use Ms. Dos, Right? 
 Daniel Shanklin Exactly. 
 Michael D Nguyen And, like, actually say, like, execute this. And then they said, well, why don't we just make it so you can click on an icon? 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah, I. 
 Daniel Shanklin In my. All the time that I've been doing this, I'm the biggest believer that the average Joe is going to probably win in the long run because they just have the tenacity to learn how to do it. But there are a lot of engineering blogs you'll read where the gatekeepers say, well, they won't be able to figure this out. I won't be able to. That's false. Because you can just literally ask it when you don't understand. Like, that's the whole goal. Right. So I think though that where the real money is going to be made is managing process. So I would have to set something up where I'm like, AI, you're allowed to change the website, but you're not allowed to change main or master. Right. Only I can do that. And then I as a person have to review that. 
 Daniel Shanklin And that's where it gets pretty cool. Any questions about all that? Now. 
 Michael D Nguyen I think if you. 
 Daniel Shanklin Do get this working, by the way. Oh, sorry, go ahead. 
 Michael D Nguyen No, go ahead. 
 Daniel Shanklin If you do get this cloud sidebar working, the next time you have a data question and Daniel's out on vacation, you can come in here and ask it and it will help you figure out like how that works. I use that all the time as well. 
 Michael D Nguyen Okay. That's all really. I don't. Alex and I've taken up a lot of the questions kind of going through this. Do we want to. Do you have any questions, specific questions or you want to go through the. 
 Daniel Shanklin Kind of. 
 Michael D Nguyen The plan? 
 Michael D Nguyen No, let's go through the plan. 
 Daniel Shanklin That's good. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah. And I think Daniel, maybe, you know, before we kind of dive in, I, I'm kind of spitballing with Alex kind of in real time here. But I think we need to make these changes to the websites like both Hometown and Green Marks kind of. That's low hanging fruit. That shouldn't take too long. Like that should be kind of at the top, kind of the top list. 
 Daniel Shanklin Sounds great. So what I'm going to do is show y' all how I do that. So you get to kind of tag along on this. This is a different one. There we go. We are in Green Mark right here. Just got a note from our phone call. You need to get SEO scores up for both Greenmark, Waste.com and also. What was the other one? Hometown. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah. H ht disposal.com. 
 Daniel Shanklin Excellent. And then I'm going to say ask Pal for a plan. I'm asking two AIs to work together. See how they would do it. Don't mean they're going to do it. So it's going to do it. Come up. What is pal? It's something I built into CODe to ask a second one for help. It's an invention that I had from over a year ago. This idea that. 
 Michael D Nguyen Kind of. 
 Daniel Shanklin Yeah, but if you look here, I need a comprehensive plan and the two of them will duke it out until they come back with a plan for me. It don't mean it's right, but it usually gets the ball rolling. And then, of course, when it's done, I'm going to say add this to our task list so it won't be forgotten about. Yep, there you go. I think it's exciting, gentlemen like this. This is a. Everyone's talking about the jobs being lost, but I'm like, imagine all the cool stuff being able to know. Sorry. 
 Michael D Nguyen Sometimes stuff like this happens. No one thinks about all the new doors it opens. 
 Daniel Shanklin Just think. I think about all your customers that will have really good feedback. 
 Michael D Nguyen You know, I'll jump in. I. I've been surprised at aic. You know, I was thinking, like, man, this is going to replace me and, you know, maybe teammate, team members. And I think what we're finding is that we're actually doing more work because it's dropping the cost of executing on things. And so our ability to make a, like, CI, like a investment memo now is like, zero. So now we're gonna be making a ton of them. And it's all about organizing it, scoring it, thinking about it. 
 Daniel Shanklin So anyway, that's a great point. It changes the. The math for what you would accomplish. 
 Michael D Nguyen I mean, Slate's busier now than he's been probably since he started getting all these scoring things and figuring all this out. 
 Daniel Shanklin So. And meanwhile, he told me the other day when he and I went out for beer, and he was like, this is great. I feel like a portfolio manager now. I was like, all right. You know, so, 
 Michael D Nguyen Daniel, kind of why. That's thinking just a general question. On Green Marks Claude account, do we have sort of like data limits that we bump up against? Because I. I feel like I noticed some like. 
 Daniel Shanklin Right. 
 Michael D Nguyen You know, can you just explain that or, like, how that works? 
 Daniel Shanklin Sure. So let's take a look at the different plans that are offered under Claude. And that's an old page. Business. They got two different modes of cloud, and it's important to know the difference between the two. One of them is for business and the other is for individual use. I don't much. I don't mind using this for myself. But here's the problem. You know that little checkbox that says don't subscribe me or do subscribe me? They literally have a checkbox that says, don't train on my data. And it's unchecked for these guys when you sign up, but it's always checked for these guys and you can't turn it off. There is no way for an AI to train on Green Marks data when you're on a business plan. But this, it absolutely could. 
 Daniel Shanklin So we Already went through the process here and decided ever going to work for any company for us to use these. Which leaves us with these. These have two different levels at this point. You got a team mode. You have to have minimum 5 users and it's $30 a month on a month to month or 25 if you buy it up front annually. These premium seats give you access to CODe. I do recommend at some point y' all everybody upgrade to that. There are non technical people at AIC that have already upgraded to this because you get a lot more tokens, which is Chuck E. Cheese coins to use in the machine. And you also get access to a few extra tools they wouldn't otherwise have. 
 Daniel Shanklin And what's best of all is when you're on the business plan, you can create projects inside of Claude. Come inside of here. I know we're doing this fast, but you can create project. So come over here and say project, new project. Hi. On a business context, this is my personal. So it doesn't work. But on a business one, you could share. I can maintain multiple. You can click share and then you can share it with somebody else. And now the project and you and someone else can work on the same thing. Mixed results, but it actually can be a really cool concept. 
 Daniel Shanklin If you run out of tokens, the only option to get more is you either come down here and go to Settings and go to Billing and say I want to add overage, extra use and you can do that, or you just upgrade someone to the max plan, which is that $150 a month. And then they're. They're ripping. In every single business case we've ever had at AIC where somebody ran out of tokens, it was decided that it worth the hundred dollars because their time is worth so much more with this in their hands. Would you agree with that, Colin? 
 Michael D Nguyen Thank you. 
 Michael D Nguyen Off it looks like. 
 Daniel Shanklin Yeah, that's okay. I think you get. You get the point. Yeah. Yeah. 
 Michael D Nguyen I don't know if we're there yet. 
 Michael D Nguyen I just. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah, it. It seemed like there were some things that kind of. Because I've been just tooling around in IT ever since you gave us access and we signed up. And I don't think it ever like didn't work. It just. I don't know, it seemed like I did hit some little speed bumps. I'm probably not explaining this very well, but. And then I kind of saw like that usage bar. 
 Daniel Shanklin Yeah. Settings. 
 Michael D Nguyen So I'm just wondering how that works. 
 Daniel Shanklin So I'll do a brief overview on that. The the speed bumps of the roadblocks. Number one, they have three different brains. OPUS is big, powerful, expensive. It's the mack truck of AIs. Sonnet is your Ford Mustang. Not the V8, just the V6. But it's a. It does good work. And then haiku is. That's a gas zipper. This is your tiny little scooter. If you need to summarize something or you know you're going to be using AI all day, you probably won't want to live in sonnet and haiku and save OPUS for the big, important stuff. Me, personally, the reason I have three, not one, but three AI plans for me is because I use OPUS all day, right? For me. For me, the money's negligible to the productivity gain I get from having the smartest brain working on the problem. 
 Daniel Shanklin That is not true for everybody. I'm a coder. We use, like, a hundred times more AI than most people, so that's probably a difference. Another thing, when you start a conversation with AI, hey, how are you? The way it works, people say, AI is stupid. And it doesn't think and it doesn't reason. It's not exactly correct. It is true that it only spits out the next word. But it's also true that when you're 15 minutes in and you ask another question, it doesn't just tack it onto the list. It actually sends your entire conversation back to the machine and says, read this whole thing, and then tell me what you'd say next. That is reflection, right? Like, that is true. I'm thinking about everything is at one time. 
 Daniel Shanklin But now imagine there's this time where it gets so long, it can't send the whole thing back up and you know and say, like, hey, read this whole conversation. It couldn't be like, hey, Daniel, there's three months of discussions we've had. What do you think of that? Maybe in a couple years, I don't know. But for now, that you can't do that. So what you might see is if you get in a really long conversation, it'll say, let me compact that down for you. It's funny, it'll actually say that. I'll compact this down for you. What it's doing is it's running AI on your big one and summarizing it like an executive summary, like you'd hand to your CEO. And then it takes that thing and it keeps recycling that so that the conversation can continue. 
 Daniel Shanklin But as you can imagine, you will lose salience to the finer details. They won't get Every number. Right. If it does a summary like that. So I don't recommend people keep one chat open forever. Instead, just start one new for a specific task. And lastly, I'll say if you find that you do a weekly reconciliation, you keep coming back to it, keep that chat open, and just keep adding to that one. And then it starts to get into a rhythm where it's like, oh, I understand how you do this every week. Is that helpful? 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah, it is. 
 Daniel Shanklin Okay. 
 Michael D Nguyen Daniel, do you need access to our Claude to kind of do work? 
 Daniel Shanklin Not at the present time. I. I've actually never cost accounting done the work to figure out, like, how to split up my COD usage. Like, in here, you know, I wouldn't even know how. So at the present time, I let AIC buy one account, I buy two. And if you guys need green marker, it'll probably just be like you were renting time for me. It's no big deal. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah, it's not. We still have one seat. Really, like, kind of right now open, like, you can have it, and then you can use it to help kind of help us with our stuff. 
 Daniel Shanklin I don't think it's a bad idea, especially if a month or. Let's do that. And then a month or two, if you decide someone else needs it, you can kick me off. But it would help because we could do shared projects for this particular thing. 
 Michael D Nguyen What email address should I use kind of for that? 
 Daniel Shanklin Sure. I will put it into teams right now. Our main teams. Not this one. It's D. Shanklin at aic. 
 Michael D Nguyen That's what you want to use. Okay. 
 Daniel Shanklin Yes, sir. So I. I do want to say in closing, I know this is just from my side. I know you guys still may have some questions you want to ask. Totally fine. Project planning has never been weirder or more different than it has been now, because you used to assign things in wrike and then somebody would go do it. I tried that for a year, and we even tried Wrike here for a while. It just honestly didn't go well because people don't update it. Please don't mistake that as me saying, I don't like project management. I love it. It's more like the tool itself became the thing were managing and not the software. So if y' all have any complaints about, like, hey, I'm not getting enough intel, please let me know. 
 Daniel Shanklin And if we could try to not have, like, a hundred tests and wrike, but just keep them, like five or six big block things, that would help me as well. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah. Okay. That's good to know. Hey, it's saying that you need an AI Green mark email. 
 Daniel Shanklin Son of a son of a gun kind of address. 
 Michael D Nguyen But I think I can make an alias for you that kind of just goes straight to your aic. 
 Daniel Shanklin Let me see. Claude. Add second domain. It probably wouldn't work anyway. Let's see. Actually, you can. If you go to the organization, you can say allowed email domains. It seems like you may be able to add a second. It might, however, say you can't because that one's taken. 
 Michael D Nguyen Okay, well, I can figure this out while we're kind of going, but. 
 Daniel Shanklin How can I serve you best? 
 Michael D Nguyen Do you. I guess, like, do we want to go through that email? 
 Daniel Shanklin Yeah, that'd be great. And I'll pull it back up on my screen. Okay. Which two data sources do you want connect first? 
 Michael D Nguyen Sage. Makes sense, right, Alex? 
 Daniel Shanklin Yep. 
 Michael D Nguyen Sage. I mean, our big three. 
 Michael D Nguyen I think hubs. HubSpot would be good. I. I can. You know, Navisoft is definitely. 
 Michael D Nguyen I don't know if we're ready for that. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah, I know. But the next one. Yeah, I wouldn't worry about getting into Wham. Like, because I. I think we're going to try to transition over pretty, you know, kind of over the next couple months over to Navisoft. 
 Daniel Shanklin Okay. It was also flagged as a. Not having any. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah, yeah, dude, that thing's. I think it. It's still living in the 80s. It's like a DOS interface. 
 Michael D Nguyen You'd love it. 
 Daniel Shanklin I probably would love it. 
 Michael D Nguyen I probably. Literally the DOS interface. And. Yeah, you have like these shortcuts and you're, like, pressing, like, the F keys a lot to get. 
 Daniel Shanklin All right, all right, y' all laugh, but hear me out. Which is AI going to control faster? A website or the terminal? You hook that thing into that, it's gonna be like. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah, but I think this order is, you know, is. 
 Michael D Nguyen Is good. 
 Michael D Nguyen I think Hub. You know, one thing kind of with HubSpot that HubSpot doesn't have, that I know that the sales people use a lot is like, being able just to map their prospects, you know, like, just being able to throw. Because, like, we have addresses for everything. It's just being able to throw it. Throw it down kind of in a map. So a lot of them are kind of creating little Google Maps on the side for themselves. So that's a. That's a helpful kind of function that I think would be, you know, I don't know how easy that would do. 
 Daniel Shanklin But you. 
 Michael D Nguyen You have the data, right? 
 Daniel Shanklin Yeah. You Want to, you want to put a map page in Cerebro? Would that help? 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah, because I, I, I think like, it would. You know, from my cool. You know, these are where our customers are right. By business line. And, and, but also, like, these are the prospects and you know, you can, we can permission down the sales folks to. So where they just see kind of like, you know, their customers and their, you know, their, their leads. 
 Daniel Shanklin Yeah. Makes a lot of sense. So let's do you want it on customers like a map that you click and it expands out, or you want it to be a separate one? If you don't care, it's okay. I'll just pick. 
 Michael D Nguyen Do a separate one just because, like, it's because it's customers and prospects too. 
 Daniel Shanklin Right. Customer and prospect map. Do y' all do opportunity management inside of HubSpot yet? You know, like, funnel management? 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah, we use the deal pipeline. 
 Daniel Shanklin Nice. Okay. Do you want to see on the map where they are in the deal pipeline? Good. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah. Like, you know, like, I think because there's going to be things in there that's not quite a deal yet that still kind of they're working a lead and, you know, being able to differentiate between what's kind of where it's at would be good. 
 Daniel Shanklin Do you, are you, do you have to drive around town to where you'd want to filter to, like, here's my meeting this week or something? I don't know. That's probably too much. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah. 
 Daniel Shanklin You, you. 
 Michael D Nguyen I think you could, I think, like. 
 Michael D Nguyen The sales guys, if they're doing their job in HubSpot. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah. 
 Michael D Nguyen And like all those addresses and accounts and clients are getting into this map. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah. 
 Michael D Nguyen And they're like, plan my week for me, yo. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah, totally. 
 Daniel Shanklin I think it's crazy, right? 
 Michael D Nguyen There's. But they do. Daniel, like you bring up a good point. Like they, we. They drive around a lot like they are they. If they're doing their job, they should be. 
 Daniel Shanklin Then. I love the quote from Alex just there. Plan my week for me. That's the North Star, isn't it? Yeah. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah. 
 Daniel Shanklin Okay. If I could give you a magic wand. Not me personally, but the folks at Anthropic, where you touch it and it's like, here's how I would do my route planning for your sales thing. That'd be cool. All right. 
 Michael D Nguyen Eventually too, right? Like, we also, you know, op like Navisoft has like a route optimization kind of tool. But, like, it would be cool to see kind of what, you know, what Cerebro could do kind of for that as well because it's here Route optimization is tough because you. There's a lot of things you're factoring in kind of all. All at once. And there's, you know, and it's constantly changing. One accident changes everything. 
 Daniel Shanklin It's. I've. I did a. I used to be in data science and RAT optimization was a problem for patients. It's literally the same problem from like a tech perspective. You know, it's actually what they call an NP hard algorithm. It seems that you can't solve it. Like there's no, like one. There's no one. Right. Answ. Yeah. And that frustrates people because they're like. What do you mean? Like there isn't. So when we get to there, my best advice is literally, if y' all work on prompts until they're just correct, like, these are my. This is. This is the kind of route I like. I don't want more than three people in a day. It'd be amazing. It would be amazing how it would custom tailor over time. It really is going to kill software. 
 Michael D Nguyen Michael. Yeah. 
 Daniel Shanklin Wow. Okay, were here. Is there a tech lead at Greenmark? Like, is there a context now? 
 Michael D Nguyen Like you're, you know, at very. At very best and it's weak. That would be me. Like, I kind of. Okay, I manage most of the kind of the IT stuff and the software. And then we have a managed service provider that jumps in kind of on other things if needed. And then Travis dabbles a very little bit kind of on some of the stuff that, you know, the broader AIC jet organization helps host kind of for us. 
 Daniel Shanklin Okay. Probably the next cheat sheet I'll get from you or I'll hand out and ask for is like, who gets permission to what, you know. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. And that's why I asked about the tech lead. So you'll be a de facto tech lead that I guess. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah. Like access to software, all that stuff would be. Kind of. 
 Daniel Shanklin Would be me. Understood. This was a question for Alex. Do Comerica and Expensify already flow through Sage? 
 Michael D Nguyen Expensify does. That's already connected. Comerica is not. Yeah, Comerica is not really connected. 
 Daniel Shanklin The Sage. Okay. Do you guys plan on keeping Sage indefinitely, do you think? 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah, unless you can build something better. 
 Michael D Nguyen No, I can't. 
 Daniel Shanklin I literally. That was so easy for me to say I can't accounting software. Literally. Alex, when we got to aic, they were like, can you build us portfolio management software? I was like, sure. Start with an easy one. Yeah, I was like, can I get a cowardly or something? So it's literally the hardest one because the stakes are impossibly high. You know, you have all these reconciliations to double check. Well, then you want to keep working your Sage process that way and not bring Comerica data directly into Cerebra. Or you do want Comerica directly into Cerebro, 
 Michael D Nguyen And I think at some point we do. I just, look, I need to think about like, what that. What that kind of means. Right, of course. 
 Daniel Shanklin Yeah, we can table that. We can table that. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah, let's. Let's table that. Because I. There's like Sages, and I think Mike said it in one of his notes. Like, Sage, I think is very forward thinking with all this stuff. They're one of the most, like, flexible solutions out there in terms of like API connections. So I, you know, if that can be kind of our Rosetta stone for most things, I'd rather just kind of flow it through Sage. So let me, let me think about that one. 
 Daniel Shanklin I agree with you too. It's, it's. Your auditors will love it. You never get trouble. It's okay to like. And, and you have a golden record set. What do they call it? The system of record? Is Sage. Re just happens to look at it. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah, yeah, exactly. 
 Daniel Shanklin Excellent. Any disagreement on that, Michael, that we should talk about or think about? 
 Michael D Nguyen He had to walk out for a second. 
 Daniel Shanklin Oh, no. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah, that. He's good with that. 
 Daniel Shanklin Okay, cool. All right. I made a suggestion on how to work and it was literally. I know this is so backwards, right? In the old days you just have to go fill out all your software. But what's cool is if y' all just email me what you want, I can like paste it into the thing. Right. Whenever somebody, like, I've had a. I used to run a startup and I had employees, like, I put 57 tasks in the thing for you. I'm like, thanks. Now I have to read 57 things to click. 57 things. So if you want to just do it or email, I would appreciate that. But this is your show. I just have my suggestion. Okay. Credentials. At some point I'm going to need like Sage access. Do you want to give me an account to Sage? 
 Daniel Shanklin Like a, like I'm a user of Sage, or do you just want to keep me out of it and then send me an API key and that's all I get? Either way, I am going to see the data. 
 Michael D Nguyen Which, what's like, I guess like the question with all of the data, all of the systems is what's easiest to create a user kind of, you know, for you? Or it's. 
 Daniel Shanklin If it's not expensive, it's easiest to create like an admin type user for me, giving me access to Sage so that I can go in and create the API keys and manage them. But it does. It just. It's one more. I also operate as a security guy under least. Least privilege. Like what's the minimum privilege you need to accomplish your task? 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah. 
 Daniel Shanklin This is a unique situation though, because you don't have a cto. If you did, I would say cto. You do it. Give me the key. In this case, I would probably give me an account. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah, yeah, I think that's doable. 
 Michael D Nguyen I don't. 
 Michael D Nguyen Sage, like, that's. I don't think it costs really anything. All the cost for an extra seed is so kind of de minimis. 
 Daniel Shanklin Right? 
 Michael D Nguyen Pretty, pretty easily. 
 Daniel Shanklin Yeah. Colin and I talk about that a lot now that AI is here. Michael and Alex, your time's worth even more. So, like every little road bump I give you is just a, you know, $20 account. Fixes it. Excellent. All right, where were we then? That means we don't have to do what I call secure request, which is on the email building a mini application so that you can request things securely from someone over the web. But we won't need that for that. Yeah, we talked about GitHub organization and projects being tracked there and we also talked about. Talked about railway cloud hosting. I'm going to sell one last point again on why I love this for us, even if it's a little messy as we get started. 
 Daniel Shanklin In my experience working with clients or any kind of like, data systems, they'll have a really nice organization like an Asana or a Trello board, and they've got all the cards in there and then they've got the code and somebody built that. Right. What happens is they'll pass the project off from one Indian team to another and they give them the code and none of the project comes with it. You never know the history on how it got to where it was. So there's actually this unique benefit now that AI is here to having everything all in one place. So that's just my sales pitch on that. 
 Michael D Nguyen We need to get our own instance of that and kind of start paying for it too. 
 Daniel Shanklin It's totally free, there's no cost. I do recommend that the two of y' all have a GitHub account and my father and I think that it's going to become a big deal. Like, it was a coding tool. Just like, you know, like AI was a coding tool a year ago, and now it's everybody's. We think it'll be a big deal. So y' all getting in there, be really cool. See, there was really nothing down here to note. This is mostly for me. For the future, don't embed AI into the dashboard. That was just me kind of saying, again, if we build it in, we have to maintain it. If you build it as a sidebar, you don't have to build it because Claude does it for you. Yeah. 
 Daniel Shanklin And then lastly, just as kind of like a triangle of how we think about AI, we use it to write code, we use it to run quality checks, like looking at the website. But generally speaking, we don't employ it as an agent yet to do complex work. That sounds weird because it's like, isn't code complex work? The big difference is with code, there is a measure of success or failure through testing. So you can run like thousands of tests and be like, you did a good job, but there is no test for, like, you sent the email to the wrong client and it's just going to it up. Pardon my French, you know? So what we try to do is actually avoid agentic AI for now until we feel more confident that, like, it plays a really central role. 
 Daniel Shanklin Do you have an opinion on that forming, Michael? 
 Michael D Nguyen Good. Really have much to add to that. Hey, real quick, back to GitHub. Like, those are all just individual accounts. Like, so Alex and I should just set up an individual account? Like, it's not a corporate thing. 
 Daniel Shanklin Yeah, they're exactly. Their model is individual, one per human. 
 Michael D Nguyen Okay, well, yeah, we can each do that. 
 Daniel Shanklin As soon as you do, put it on my list and we'll be in the recording that we are going to invite both of you and I will make Michael, you. You're going to be an admin in that account so that you have the same privilege as me. And if I get hit by a bus, you'll own the code. 
 Michael D Nguyen I'm in using my Green Mark email address already. 
 Daniel Shanklin Look at him. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah. 
 Daniel Shanklin Can't keep up with this guy. All right, here we go. So I'll show you what that looks like. This is GitHub. I should get a message right here. Actually, it would have given you an account, but I haven't invited you. So I'll go over here to organizations, Green Mark, and then over here on people. Luke, by the way, is our senior AI engineer. He Is a member in here? I'm an admin. He's a member. Member allows him to see the code. Yeah. And. And to edit it. So if you do need a backup, he's your person. Talk to you. You. You are M N G U Y E n. Yeah. At. Green Mark Waste. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah. 
 Daniel Shanklin In old days I used to go watch YouTube videos, learn how to use things. Like at home. I kind of still do, but I also just open up the sidebar. I'm like, how do you use this thing? Just tells me, all right, any other thresholds we didn't cross as far as the email? 
 Michael D Nguyen I think. So it sounds like the next steps kind of here are just getting you access to kind of these platforms. Yeah. Then just kind of making sure we check in, you know, periodically. 
 Daniel Shanklin Absolutely. So I will make sure we have access to Sage as a kind of like a to do for somebody. I'm Dee shanklin@aicholdings.com what else? As soon as that happens, I will go in there, I'll take a couple screenshots and make sure we storm in the repo for how I did it and I'll create an API key from there. Sometimes when you're provisioning API keys, they'll say things like, what do you want to give access to? It's like an unknown. 
 Michael D Nguyen Unknown. 
 Daniel Shanklin I actually don't know what those questions are. So before I click go, I'm going to ask for your approval. Alex, on you know what we're gonna let this thing do because. And it. My recommendation too would be that it be a read only key. It should not have the ability to make entries. Do we agree on that? 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah, definitely. I was gonna. 
 Daniel Shanklin I don't mind using AI to make entries, but I do it as the sidebar, not like an agent. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah. 
 Daniel Shanklin Okay. Exciting times. I can give you, before we go, one small preview of the kind of stuff we can do with data that I think it kind of blew me away a little bit. Honestly, I couldn't believe it was so good. I know you guys got to go, but I think this is worth a look at. Okay, everybody see my screen? Okay. I told you that I asked it to make up a fake company. You ran this report, came up with all these problems with the fake data. Your accounts, billing amounts were not on a distribution that made sense. So if you were an auditor, you'd flag that. No, that's not right. You have certain invoice gaps. So like, I expected most of your invoices to be a certain amount. 
 Daniel Shanklin There was one that said a hundred thousand, you know, right away you got a bad entry in your system. Right? There's 34 pages of this. All right, where are they in the pipeline and how much money does each of those represent? Right. The tonnage floor. I couldn't believe it knew this. And on and on. All the different things that did. My personal favorite, I'll scroll down to was the diesel. Please. Where's diesel? Here it is. It actually tracked the average cost of Diesel with a 30 day window on it. I thought, my God. So giving it the data raw is sufficient usually for getting. It's like having a magic machine. You can just go ask it, find seasonality, trends, etc. Etc. Pretty wild. I don't know what y' all think of this. I think it's pretty cool. 
 Michael D Nguyen Coming up with things. It's crazy. 
 Daniel Shanklin It's, it's wild. It also that's why it's not good for people like me and Colin because we'll look at it and we'll spend all day looking at it, you know. Anyway, I guess just to take a. 
 Michael D Nguyen Step back, we're going to, you know, get you the requisite access to kind of our primary systems and start with Sage. And then, I mean that's essentially going to let you connect sage to GitHub and then GitHub to railway. 
 Daniel Shanklin Yeah, I would say that's actually a good characterization. As soon as I get that API key, we have to securely store that in Railway. So that Railway is the only place where that key exists. The code +raILWAY turns it into a robot, a data robot that can go out and grab that information and bring it back. Right. So I kind of said too many words there. All you need to basic just is an API key plus a Railway turns on a machine that starts to grab data. Now where it gets cool for us is I'll start figuring out which dashboards pull from Sage and make sure that's noted on each page and we'll know, you know, like if I was looking through here I'd say hey AI, you'll notice that on this operations page we don't have any data from Sage. 
 Daniel Shanklin So you don't need touch that. But I do want you to take a look and see what you can pull in from here. I do want you to take a look and see what you can pull it from here. So I, I've never really seen this done super well other places. So we'll have to see if this works well here. But I think it's a cool Idea this, it wasn't my Idea, it was AI's idea. I like this idea. Being able to see all the different data sources that would come in here and to tell you if they're stale or not. That's neat. Okay, so yes, access to Sage and what was the second one? HubSpot. Yeah. Okay. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah, there's not a ton of data in HubSpot yet because we kind of just started using it. But it's gonna get, it's gonna grow pretty big here soon. 
 Daniel Shanklin You know what's interesting? I thought AI would kill HubSpot. I think I was wrong. What if these like browser assistants actually make it even more valuable because like they start doing all the stuff that people aren't doing. I think it's an interesting argument. 
 Michael D Nguyen Like you could have it fill out all the addresses and things like that. 
 Daniel Shanklin Yeah. Imagine you go like have an off site and just record it on your phone or something. Or take a picture of the person's front of their business and you're like, go fill out my HubSpot. That'd be incredible. It would actually make me want a HubSpot account more, not less because I would still have all the oversight and like the intel, but I would have to do. I feel like the reason CRMs are so poor, they're actually known in the data industry as like the worst data quality. So when you're looking for companies to buy like which ones have high quality data, CRMs are the worst because people don't fill them out. It's too hard. Like I can't possibly spend all my day like filling out every little nook and cranny of every deal I've ever done or every lead. 
 Daniel Shanklin So they're very pock marked. I personally believe that could change with AI to where as soon as you put in the lead's name and their email address, know like he goes out and grabs everything. It's like, here you go, be interesting. Everybody still here ready? Ready to wrap up? Yeah. 
 Michael D Nguyen And I guess, you know, kind of things we're talking about just internally again, just kind of with the access to Claude that we now have, you know, we're going to be just kind of seeing how that can make our daily life easier. Right. Just kind of as you're working on all this Cerebro stuff and as we have check ins but you know, I guess just we're going to keep a running list of just kind of the bells and whistles that might make sense. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah. 
 Michael D Nguyen Kind of go, yeah, I'D love that. And, and you kind of just touched on it and don't, you know, don't do anything with this. It's just, you know, just an idea right now, you know, but like you mentioned the agent not making journal entries in Sage and I that totally agree with that. But like, kind of one thing we've been to and around with is kind of using this, the cloud Excel plug in, to basically process, you know, really detailed long PDF invoices for some of our key costs and like, you know, summarizing in a table and then spitting out a journal entry and kind of allocating it by all of our different lines of business and departments. And you know, I think that'll be useful to kind of show you at least the thought process behind some of these things. 
 Michael D Nguyen And then ultimately you know, potentially at some point, like just creating that whole process, like I'll just say in Claude, I guess as an agent, where it's like maybe scanning a certain kind of email address, you know, scraping in those PDFs, doing everything behind the scenes and then plugging a journal entry into stage. Right. 
 Daniel Shanklin So. 
 Michael D Nguyen We're just going to keep like a running list of all those bells and whistles. I mean, does that kind of sound like the right way to be thinking about this going forward? 
 Daniel Shanklin It's 100 the right way to think about it and what you touched on so well that a lot of people do miss about AI, you don't ask it to automate the whole job. All you do is ask it to do the 99% so that you can look at the finished product and then click approve. So if everything you build is around that mental model, you'll fly through everything. Right? Accounting feels effortless because it does all the doldrum where we run into trouble and they're like, do my books. It's like, do my books. What the hell does that mean? Like it's going to go. It's off the rails. So you also have a huge advantage. We've already built for AIC code that does most of what you've described. 
 Daniel Shanklin Not exactly in the accounting sense, but in the like, AI grabs document and summarizes and pulls numbers out. So since we already have that, if you get, you know, me involved or Luke involved, we just say like, hey, can you make this same thing? I guess what I'm saying, gentlemen, we're now like you're imagineers. You can imagine. You just draw it up and you tell me what you think and we'll, we can make it generally Work and my best advice is to just to have that approval button. You know, if you nail that part. Everything else. 
 Michael D Nguyen I've never been to Disney World or Disneyland my entire life and I, how is that possible? You know what? I, I, you know, I've gone this long, I might not. That's, I'm going to try not to go. 
 Daniel Shanklin I agree. You should not like they're over the hump guys. They're old hat. You go to Redneck Disney, you know, that is Dollywood. I know you like them cowboy boots. So. Yeah, Alex, great call out on the thinking about the future because. 
 Michael D Nguyen We. 
 Daniel Shanklin Might be two or three weeks away from that, not months given the speed. Yeah, yeah, 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah. 
 Daniel Shanklin Okay. 
 Michael D Nguyen All right, that's enough for now. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah, I think Daniel, in a couple weeks here, you know, we'll have our, we'll have kind of like our new office spaces for Greenmark and stuff. Like you're always. That makes sense to kind of meet in person and stuff. We can always, you know, do that. As long as that, you know, Colin and William are good with it. 
 Daniel Shanklin I brought that up in a one one with William that I suggested at least a monthly. Daniel works out of Green Mark all day. 
 Michael D Nguyen Yeah. 
 Daniel Shanklin And yeah. So just to make sure that we're meeting targets, you know. Yeah. It's so it's also one of those things like what if I was sitting there with Claude code. Whether you guys think so or not, in six months you, I swear you'll be able to do it yourself. 
 Michael D Nguyen That's wild. 
 Daniel Shanklin That's where the whole industry is going. I actually just downloaded a new iPhone app. It's a scanning app. I paid $5 for it because it solved my problem and it has AI power behind it. It was built by a guy who's the CEO of like a portable toilets company. But he was like, I was just playing around. I was like holy shit, this thing's amazing. So pretty cool. Anyway, well, it was a good call. If there's anything else you need, I'm always here. I'll make sure you have my phone number and my email and I'll wait to get a Sage account. All right, sounds good. Thank you very much. 
 Michael D Nguyen Thanks buddy. 
 Daniel Shanklin Sure. Have a great day. Bye. Bye, you too. 
 Michael D Nguyen Bye. 
  Transcribed by https://fireflies.ai/